Manager in FM @ Brüel go Kjær

Existing policies:

	Existing: Smoke/fire detectors to set off fire alarm and start sprinklers.
	Existing: VideoSurveillance (time and weekday based): Records video.
	Existing: Access Control on all external doors and in the calibration and clean rooms.
	Existing: In the Calibration and Clean rooms air quality (constant) environment is 
			  maintained using humidifiers.
	Existing: MotionSensors are used in all toilets to turn lights on and off.

	New: The skylight windows can be opened manually by a switch on a nearby wall. 
		 Since there is no rain sensor on the window, if forgotten, water damage can be caused. 
		 (If it rains outside, then close the window. When workday is over close window.)

	New: Room radiators have thermostats that senses the ambient temperature and adjusts 
			the radiator accordingly. During winter, workers might find the room 'stuffy' 
			and opens some windows, without bothering to turn down the radiators. 
			The thermostat treats this as the room is getting colder, and turns up the heat. 
			This is a huge waste and very bad for human comfort. (If the radiators are on, 
			and windows are opened then turn off radiators.)
			
	New:	 Windows should be automatically opened based on inner room climate. 
			(temperature, air quality) 

	New:	 All offices, hallways, university should have motion sensors to control lights. 
	
	New:	 Use light sensors to get natural light in the day time and use that to regulate 
			brightness.

	New:	 Monitoring of clean rooms and calibration room. if temperature, humidity goes 
			over the operating temperature, set off alarm in the janitors office and send 
			sms/msg to person on duty.
			
	New:	 Log all data in a repository which can used to feed a visual monitoring system 
			and also for easy problem backtrace.

	New:	 The central AccessControl system has actuators on only on all door to the outside. 
			(If CLOSING_TIME then SecurityDoors-->Close. If cannot close door, then send sms 
			with alarm to the staff so they can remove obstacle.)
			
	New:	 If work day is over, then enumerate through all windows, skylights and 
			exterior doors. If any of them are not securely closed and locked, then send 
			an accumulated list to the staff.

	New:	 Generally it would be nice to have rules/policies working not only by week/time. 
			should also set specific rules for specific rooms. clean room - people work past 
			work hours sometimes.

	New:	 The existing control system (CTS) for ventilation is hard to understand. 
			The GUI is made like an electrical diagram, and is not user friendly. 
			Moreover, the temperatures shown in the program is from sensors in the ventilation 
			ducts, not in the room themselves, making it very hard to regulate them, since 
			you'll have to change the settings and then wait for 10-15 minutes. Then you'll 
			have to go to the room and manually hold a thermometer before going back and repeat this.